the punch in the head you see in this video
exclusive takes the teacher of 61 years
to the ground
the recording shows one but two
blows
the aggression happened in this school of
east side of são paulo
[Music]
but the students say curses
punches and tiptoes on teachers
they happen everywhere
the unite our caption a cap on the head
nor was the teacher taken by the sound of
signs a disrespect to their
teachers
here the teacher's mistake was to stimulate
the practice of a sport
she suggests to the 16-year-old who plays
basketball and says there are free schools
for this the lesser exalts says not
It is a beggar who begs the teacher who
rebuke him and push him that's where the boy
get up with everything and the polls
the video was recorded by this student and
confirms the violent behavior of the
His colleague provoked a lot of rain.
loose
This girl lives in the same group.
that the aggressor student does not
was surprised by his reaction
When I open my eyes, they shine and free with
most common among classmates
say the guy in the video is a minor
offender in custody at school
neither deny nor confirm is that the statute
protection of children and adolescents
youth identity in this situation the
information circulates inside
officially no teacher knows who
are students in conflict with the law in
classroom or the young person who committed
crime of greater gravity he is not
necessarily in the school environment
legislation is very clear today in saying
that the identity and privacy of
adolescents generally those who
committed an infraction and those who
He committed no professional should act
be protected
the use
the student arrives at the beloved school
he knows what his rights are
Your Homework Never Stops Example
powerless that very afraid because it is
So this teacher feels
she has been beaten four times
last classroom attack left
burns for class when I
I sat in the chair if I had a smell of
sulfur nobody from my balcony that the
scratching the caustic soda I went
for the inml
I was away for three months.